"ALfheim, Neutral Territory"
"Central Capital, Arun"
The World Tree...
Yeah, no question about it.
This is Arun!
The center of ALfheim,
the biggest city in the world.
We're finally here.
I've never been to a city this size.
Me neither.
The ore light looks like stardust...
The server will be down today, January 22nd,
from 4:00 AM to 3:00 PM for scheduled maintenance.
Players are asked to log out
10 minutes in advance.
Repeat: The server will be down today,
January 22nd, from 4:00 AM to 3:00 PM...
That's all for today, huh?
Let's log out at an inn.
Yeah...
Well, let's find an inn.
I blew all my cash,
so nowhere too pricey.
That's because you were showing off
by giving all your money to Sakuya.
You should have
saved money for an inn.
You heard your dad.
Is there a cheap inn nearby?
Hmm...
There's a super-cheap one down there.
S-Super-cheap, huh?
Let's go.
Ah, wait, Kirito...
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"The Truth About ALfheim"
Is that a...
Morning, Sugu.
Morning, Big Brother.
You look really sleepy.
When did you get to bed last night?
Let's see... Four, I think?
A kid shouldn't stay up that late.
What were you doing?
I guess I was on the Internet...
You'd better go easy on that.
Not that I should talk.
Hey, Sugu.
Turn around.
Just do it.
Like this?
How far does this go?
Is this a map?
Somewhere...
Somewhere there's a console
where I can log out.
Experiment Hangar?
Big Brother, you'd better buy me a green tea
raspberry cream parfait to make up for before.
For sure, okay?
Sure.
Then you're forgiven.
So do you want to get it today?
I have to do something
in the afternoon.
And I'm planning to go
to the hospital this morning.
Oh...
Hey, Big Brother...
Could I come with you?
Oh, sure.
I'm sure that will make Asuna happy.
Yeah.
All right, let's eat!
This is...
By expanding the brain's control regions,
it's possible it could control
thought, emotion, even memory.
They're suffering!
Are... all of these?
How...
How awful!
He won't get away with this.
No, I won't let him!
Just wait a little. I'll save you
as soon as I can, okay?
Now, how's it going?
He's having another dream about Spica.
The B-13 and B-14 fields are
off the scale. Same with 16.
High excitement.
Sure it isn't a coincidence?
It's only been three times.
No, it's due to the emotional
inducement circuits.
If it's happening at this rate,
he's over the threshold.
For now, put him down for
continuous monitoring.
"Next Bus Arriving Soon
Shin Tokorozawa Station East Exit"
Hey, Big Brother, what about school?
School?
Weren't you supposed to start
high school last year?
Well...
They said something about using
one of the empty public school buildings
as a temporary school for
the students who came back from SAO.
Now departing.
There's no entrance exam,
and after graduating, you'll be
qualified to take the college exams.
I see.
That sounds like a good deal...
But they'll be lumping lots of
different students together.
After all, we spent over two years playing
a brutal death game on a daily basis.
They don't know what it did to our minds.
Maybe we'll be together for observation.
Seriously?
But if I wanted to get into
a high school the normal way,
I'd have to start from scratch and
spend the whole year at cram school.
Of course, if I wanted to take the exam
on my own, I'm sure I could.
I'm sure you'd do fine.
Your grades are good.
"Were." Past tense.
I haven't studied for two years.
Then I'll tutor you!
Then maybe you'll help me with
math and information processing.
That's...
A system console?
Good, they haven't seen me yet.
Please!
"Leave Virtual Laboratory"
This is it!
"Terminate all services and log out."
"Cancel"       "Log Out"
What a big hospital.
It's amazing inside too. Like a hotel.
"Asuna Yuki."
Her character shared her real name.
Not many people do that.
You know a lot about it...
Asuna's the only one I've ever known
to play under her real name.
I'll introduce you. This is Asuna.
Vice commander of the Knights
of the Blood Oath, Lightning Flash Asuna.
I never was able to match her
sword speed or accuracy.
Asuna, this is my sister, Suguha.
N-Nice to meet you, Asuna.
"Log Out"
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Hey, put me down.
I'm a friend of Sugou.
He was letting me look around.
I'm leaving now.
No one notified me about this.
What about you?
Nothing.
He wouldn't want outsiders
seeing this anyway.
Hold on.
You're that girl Sugou keeps
at the top of the World Tree.
I've heard about that.
It's so unfair that the boss gets to
have all the fun with the cute girl.
Come on, keep still.
Stop it!
Let me go, monster!
That's so mean...
We're in the midst of an experiment
on deep-sense mapping.
You're scientists, aren't you?
You aren't ashamed, participating in
this illegal, unethical experiment?
I think it's more ethical than sticking
electrical probes into an exposed animal brain.
They're all just dreaming.
That's right.
Sometimes, we show them
the most wonderful dreams.
I wish I were in their shoes.
You're insane.
The boss is on a trip, right? Get back to
the other side, and see what he wants to do.
Fine... Hey, don't have any fun
without me while I'm gone.
Got it, got it.
Get going.
Release me!
Let me go! Let me out!
I can't!
The boss would kill me!
But anyway...
Why don't we enjoy some
electro-drugs? I'm sick of dolls.
S-Stop it!
What are you doing?
Stop...
Stop! Fine! Fine...
I forgot I turned off
the pain absorber.
What are you doing?
Nothing. Anyway, what did the boss say?
He was livid.
He said to return her to the birdcage above the lab,
change the code, and monitor her 24/7.
And I was just about
to have some fun...
Let's at least walk her back instead of
teleporting. I want to feel her a little more.
This really turns you on, doesn't it?
Come on, no more struggling.
--Stay put.
--I said release me!
She's so pretty.
It's a shame that she's still asleep.
Maybe I shouldn't have come.
I don't know how I feel.
I thought if I met Asuna, I'd know.
But...
...do I want to be a good sister?
Or do I...
Big Brother.
Bye. Let's play again
if we have the chance.
I won't lose, Kirito.
I will never give up.
I will escape this place!
Leafa?
What's wrong, Leafa?
Um...
Um, Kirito...
I... I...
My heart was just broken...
I'm sorry, saying all this
to someone I just met.
It's against etiquette to bring
real-world problems here.
Whether you're here or in the real world,
you can cry when it hurts.
There's no rule that you can't
show feelings just because it's a game.
Kirito...
I'm in love with my brother.
I can't ever speak of these feelings.
I have to bury them deep in my heart.
So that I can forget them someday.
I'm okay. Thanks, Kirito.
You're sweet, aren't you?
People often say the exact
opposite about me.
Want to log off for today? I think I can
make it the rest of the way myself.
No...
I've come this far.
I'll go the rest of the way.
Now, let's go.
Yui, you here?
Good morning, Daddy and Leafa.
Morning, Yui.
Hey, I was wondering yesterday...
Um... Do Navi-Pixies sleep at night?
Of course not.
But when Daddy's not here,
I shut down my input circuits
and process accumulated data.
It could be similar to human sleep.
But you just yawned...
That's what humans do during their boot-up sequence,
right? On average, Daddy's last eight seconds.
You don't have to tell us
odd things like that.
Okay, let's go.
Yeah.
It's really bustling.
I guess it really is
the center of ALfheim.
It seems that all the fairy races
from around the continent are here.
That's the World Tree.
Yeah.
Seeing it up close,
it's amazing, isn't it?
Isn't there a city up there?
And also...
The Fairy King Oberon lives there
with the light fairies, the Alfs.
And they say the first race to meet with
the king will be able to reincarnate as Alfs.
You can't climb it on the outside?
The area around the trunk is
off-limits, so you can't climb it.
And your wings' flight limit would expire
long before you'd make it to the top.
I heard that some people passed the limit
by launching off each other's shoulders...
Oh, that story, huh? I hear they
made it pretty close to the branches.
But the GMs freaked out
and patched it right away.
Now there's a wall
just above the clouds.
I see... For now, let's head
to the bottom of the tree.
Yeah, got it.
Once you pass through that gate, you're at
the world's heart, the central district of Arun.
Hey, Yui. What's wrong?
Mommy...
Mommy is... here.
You're sure?
I'm certain.
This player ID belongs to Mommy.
The coordinates are right above us!
Kirito!
Wait!
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "The Grand Quest."